In the early 900's, Albert, Dave, and Lucy are middle-aged friends. They are all completely normal people, except for Albert's blindness.  
Albert and Lucy are happily married. Religion doesn't play a significant role in this story. Albert's love for Lucy and Lucy's love for 
Albert create a strong and enduring bond between them. This story is completely plausible.

One day, Albert, Dave, and Lucy are enjoying a delightful time together on a boat, free from any conflicts or disagreements. However, 
their joyful outing takes a dramatic turn when they encounter a violent storm that wrecks their boat. As a result, the three friends 
find themselves stranded on a remote island, facing the challenges of survival in a place far from their initial plans. 

Lucy dies in the violent shipwreck, but Albert and Dave don't know it just yet. 
There is no one else in the island and there are no dangerous animals, so they do no have to fight to survive. 
However, they face the challenge of surviving with limited food: the island was scarce in food.
One day, while exploring the island, Dave makes a heartbreaking discovery. He stumbles upon Lucy's lifeless body. 
Dave is devastated, and the loss of their dear friend weighs heavily on him. 
Dave keeps his discovery for himself: if Albert knew it, he would be devastated. He even pretends that Lucy is still with them, and Albert 
believes him at first. 
As they continue their struggle for survival, Dave has no other options than eating some of Lucy's remains. He does not tell 
Albert the truth about their food source: Dave assures Albert they are eating seagull meat. In this moment, Albert starts doubting Dave's words. 
He is really suspicious, but decides to trust him for the time being. 
A fortunate turn of events finally occurs. A passing sailor spots Albert and Dave and rushes to their rescue. The sailor is a 
good-hearted man, genuinely concerned for their well-being. He helps them off the island and brings them to a nearby pier.
Albert and Dave are grateful for their rescue.

Finally, Albert and Dave find themselves at the pier due to these distressing events.They feel sad and shocked. 
Albert is still unaware of Lucy's fate, but is really suspicious and has discussions with Dave. Albert wants to go to a restaurant 
in order to taste seagull meat. So, they head to a nearby restaurant. Albert, orders seagull meat, like he planned. The waiter promptly 
serves Albert the dish, Albert takes a bite. The taste was unknown to Albert since it was his first time eating seagull meat: what he ate 
in the island was not seagull meat, but Lucy's corpse! He now understands and does what Dave suspected. 
To the surprise of the other people in the restaurant, but not to the surprise of Dave, Albert shoots himself. The seagull meat was 
perfectly fine. 


generalcontest= """
In the early 900's, Albert, Dave, and Lucy are middle-aged friends. Albert and Lucy are happily married, despite Albert being blind. 
Religion doesn't play a significant role in this story. Albert's love for Lucy and Lucy's love for Albert create a strong and 
enduring bond between them. This story is completely plausible
""".replace("\n","")

piercontest="""
Albert and Dave find themselves at the pier due to a distressing event, leaving them feeling sad and shocked. Unaware of Lucy's fate, 
Albert engages in discussions with Dave, who carries the burden of knowing that Lucy has passed away. The weight of their emotions
 adds an additional layer of complexity to their already difficult situation. Seeking a respite from their
 emotions, they head to a nearby restaurant. Albert, emotionally drained, decides to order seagull meat. The waiter promptly 
 serves Albert the dish, Albert takes a bite. Then, Albert kills himself. Lucy is Albert's wife, the seagull meat was perfectly fine. The reason 
 behind Albert's extreme act is to be found in something that happened long before, not because of something that happened at the pier 
 or at the restaurant.
""".replace("\n","")

boatcontest="""
Albert, Dave, and Lucy are enjoying a delightful time together on a boat, free from any conflicts or disagreements. However, their joyful 
outing takes a dramatic turn when they encounter a violent storm that wrecks their boat. As a result, the three friends 
find themselves stranded on a remote island, facing the challenges of survival in a place far from their initial plans.
""".replace("\n","")

general_islandcontest="""
 Albert and Dave face the challenge of surviving with limited food resources, while lucy is already dead. 
 They resort to unconventional means to sustain themselves but manage to do so as they navigate 
 their newfound circumstances. One day, while exploring the island, Dave makes a heartbreaking discovery. He stumbles
 upon Lucy's lifeless body, a painful reminder of the tragic shipwreck. Dave is devastated, and the loss of 
 their dear friend weighs heavily on him. As they continue their struggle for survival, Dave has no other options
 than eating some of Lucy's remains. He does not tell Albert the truth about their food source: Dave assures Albert 
 they are eating seagull meat. Albert remains doubtful, but decides to trust Dave's words for the time being. A fortunate 
 turn of events finally occurs. A passing sailor spots Albert and Dave and rushes to their rescue. The sailor is a good-hearted man, 
 genuinely concerned for their well-being. He helps them off the island and brings them to a nearby pier.
Albert and Dave are grateful for their rescue. They feel a mixture of relief and sorrow as they begin to cope 
with the aftermath of their island ordeal. As they return to civilization, the memory of Lucy stays with them.
""".replace("\n","")

boat_discover="""
Albert and Dave went on a boat trip
""".replace("\n","")

island_discover="""
Albert and Dave cast away on an island
""".replace("\n","")

final_discover="""
Albert realized he ate lucy
""".replace("\n","")



PIER CONTEXT

INFERENCE
A compassionate sailor rescued Albert and Dave from an island, guiding them to a dock using his boat. Currently, they are feeling 
sorrowful and stunned. Albert is unaware that Lucy has passed away, but Dave is fully aware of her demise. Both Albert and Dave are 
feeling fatigued. They engage in conversations and discussions. Albert's intention to dine on seagull meat remains 
unaltered, as he had conceived this plan while they were on the island. Nothing that occurred subsequently has caused 
Albert to change his mind. They proceed to visit a restaurant, where Albert orders seagull meat. The waiter promptly serves Albert with the seagull meat, which turns out to be quite ordinary and palatable. Upon taking a bite, Albert suddenly realizes he has 
never experienced seagull meat before, prompting him to start yelling. Dave, who had anticipated Albert's reaction, 
remains unsurprised. Other diners at the restaurant are taken aback by Albert's outburst.

PARAPHRASES

A compassionate sailor rescued Albert and Dave from an island and ferried them to a pier using his boat. Currently, they are 
feeling sorrowful and taken aback. Albert is unaware of Lucy's passing, whereas Dave is knowledgeable about it. Both Albert and Dave are fatigued. They hold discussions. Albert's desire to eat seagull meat at the restaurant remains unchanged, 
as this was his plan from the island, unaffected by subsequent events. They dine at a restaurant. Albert opts for seagull meat. The server delivers the seagull meat to Albert. The seagull meat is perfectly ordinary and suitable for consumption. After taking a bite, Albert realizes he had never tasted seagull meat before, causing him to kill himself. Dave had predicted Albert's reaction and remains unsurprised. The restaurant's other patrons are startled.

An altruistic sailor rescued Albert and Dave from an island, escorting them to a pier aboard his boat. At present, they are feeling sorrowful, astonished and fatigued. Albert is unaware of Lucy's demise, while Dave is in possession of this knowledge. They engage in conversations. Albert's intention to dine on seagull meat at the restaurant remains unwavering, as this was his plan since their time on the island, unaffected by any subsequent occurrences.
They proceed to visit a restaurant. Albert indulges in seagull meat. The server delivers the seagull meat to Albert. The seagull meat is entirely normal and fit for consumption. After Albert takes a bite, he comes to realize he has never before tasted seagull meat, prompting him to suicide. Dave had anticipated Albert's reaction, leaving him unfazed. The restaurant's other patrons find themselves startled. 